Hello and welcome again in this new section that's we'll going to talk a little about do the ropes or
collect the relays is Operation management in distinction we're going to talk a little about this tool
and we're not going to cover the details about it because this tune need a fall your calls about it
because it's not a smart tool that you can use it.
It's a very interesting tool that you can use it in your environment.
So the first Let's discover what do ops is.
So we go to home here.
And of course we have this icon high tech.
It's a very nice operation management.
If you remember when we tried to download the center server we have two option centers server and the
center server with Operation management.
So the operation management is very solid.
It's a smaller version of the operations management.
So this will help you to monitor your environment and detect any data any problem Arcel make any necessary
change automatically or manually.
And so on and so on.
It's a very important tool and it is always sort of common that if we have our important environment
that's have for example six or seven Haast if you have less than six hosts It's not deserve to have
drops in your lap because you have a small environment you can monitor your environment manually when
you have more than six hosts.
It is recommended to install do drops in your environment to start tracking everything in your environment.
So the video his operations manager collect performance that upfront ish objects at every level of your
virtual environment from individual virtual machines and disk driver into a cluster and data center
It's store and analyze the data and use data analysis to provide real time information about the problem
or potential problem anywhere in your virtual environment.
So this is the benefits of release operation of management.
It's help you to track everything in your environment and detect if there are any problem any overloading
any risk to so let's discover a little about this tool to see the next video.